this is better than my imagination
we're chipping in and buying mr.
Buchanan this Thank You president for
taking us camping again this year I'm
sure he'll be thrilled it's an excellent
gift as knives go with a knife like this
I bet mr. Buchanan could survive for
months in the woods without anything
else except for maybe a good bottle of
Beaujolais
you know this mr. Buchanan sounds like
quite a guy yeah well he's Jason's dad
he's kind of old and everything but he's
great he even tells us to call Kyle oh
well maybe you better get him a better
gift ah you're gonna need a good
sleeping bag this one's good too - 20
good choice dr. J well you know with all
our breakthroughs in modern technology
you still can't beat the insulating
properties of a goose
Andrew and you how's it going
alright let's go then alright y'all
ready for the weekend just about dr.
Jeff Co just help me pick out any
sleeping bag hey guys oh hi Andrew how's
it goin
hi mr. Buchanan call me Kyle see this is
after Jeffcoat hi Jeff I'm Kyle it's
it's gift coat oh oh you don't want this
one you want a man's bag yeah feel this
this is good to minus-40
you can't beat those synthetics on Jeff
oh well we'll see you saturday bright
and early
okay guys let's go check out the
crossbows let's go
got me huh yeah you just can't beat
those synthetics wow that's just about
everything I can't believe you're really
leaving
I started crossing off the calendar six
months ago so did my dad
this is gonna be great tonight
you play capture the flag and tomorrow
your dad takes us on that all day
survival hike and then and then he makes
us find our way back and then we all go
and look for Jeff no this is your flare
gun I wonder if you provide us anything
hi cow that girl what'd you bring us
this time nothing trips off I'm sorry
guys but your big buddy's got to let you
down this time I just got the contract
to wipe out that library on Simcoe
they're putting up a parking lot
I'm sorry guys maybe you could find
somebody else to take you
my dad can't tell one into the canoe
from the other my dad's lurches
everything outside of the house doesn't
matter it wouldn't be fun without you
mr. Buchanan hey Kyle
guys be at my house and a half an hour
and be ready to go camping
dr. J can you ever look at this it could
be the breakthrough of my career what do
you see nothing come over here
now look what do you see looks like an
eyelash no no no no not there in the
middle look oh yeah some blue gunk that
doom doke could represent the end of
20th century man's dependence on fossil
fuels so since you're not doing anything
important could you take me in the guys
camping this weekend what happened to
the guy with all the teeth he's tearing
down the old library on Simcoe Street
tomorrow his mother must be very proud
of him
so what do you say can you take us
there's no one else Andrew thank you for
your kind offer but I really am on the
birds of a major breakthrough here
that's okay good luck with your glue gun
so what's the deal no dice
I asked Oktar Jeffcoat to take us but
he's too busy good thing yeah bring your
great ideas by us next time what are you
talking about dr. J's cool he's boring
but in an interesting way be like going
camping with her chemistry teacher just
cut it out he's not doing it so let's
just drop it
we're busy
gentlemen guess who's taking you camping
this weekend you think we'll get there
before Sunday
ah this is the life the open rum can you
go any faster fast is not efficient we
could be proud we're keeping the
emission of pollutants down to a minimum
maybe by day I father maybe tomorrow we
could do some spelunking yeah are we old
enough for that spelunking is the
exploration of caves we ought to be able
to hunt down some of this rare lichen
it's indigenous to the air we're going
in to go ahead this one free to make it
well here we are all right let's get
this weekend started last one ins a wet
toads let's set up the camp first you
don't to be pulling up the tents in the
dark do you come on guys it'll only take
a little while that's right you'll thank
me
I'm starving
you're the one that forgot the matches
which is why we can't get a fire started
just wahby can't cook any food just be
quiet how'd you do that the way the
Indians used to do it
principle of friction way to go dr. J
let's get this dinner started I'm so
hungry I could eat a moose great idea I
brought along a good cross-section of
dark green and yellow orange vegetables
just what your body needs when it's
gonna be out in the open air for an
extended period of time
first second he was okay well what
should we do while we're cooking dinner
dad always tells his scary stories no
problem I've told a scary story or two
in my time yeah home with the girl in it
are there any other kind all right start
talking I was a an undergrad back in 71
I was doing an experiment in the
chemistry lab was it stuttering
lightning
yes I believe it was just like in dr.
Frankenstein I was boiling down to
nitrogen groups with some toluene which
any fool knows is harmless yeah of
course yeah gonna be my big moment well
I let them boil down a little too long
TMT yes it was horrible the lab blew up
into a million bits no darling Peters
the teaching assistant turned off my
Bunsen burner chest and done what's so
scary about that I only got a B
so was Darlene pretty who care she's old
now oh I almost forgot I brought along
something else for us to eat before
dinner
vegetable yes chili cinnamon and cheese
flavored popcorn oh it's full of
additives but what the heck we're
supposed to be having fun
I've got a story those scary to death
Jeff you better cover your ears okay
these two teenagers were necking in the
back of the car at Lovers Lane right and
they hear on the radio with this crazy
psycho with a steel hook on his hand to
scape from the asylum what was that
anyway just then they hear scratching
sound on the window
renounce the boyfriend what could that
be that way versed
so they go back to necking in the
backseat of the car the scratches get
louder too loud to ignore so the
boyfriend jumps in the front seat
try as fast as he could all the way home
without even stopping when they get out
of the car
how was a good one dad that was good
that was great mr. Buchanan good Kyle
hey great after all great
what are you doing this far north
we've all gone off with Kyle left the
dog said to let you sleep in
hey Jeff are you doing dr. shake you
should have been there we went on a
ten-mile survival hike oh it was great
I passed out in everything sorry
maybe I should have woken you up yes I
was like I really missed out what you do
oh I had a wonderful time I spotted a
familya pileated woodpeckers
do you still just want to go on that
nature walk it sounds cool
alright boys first and last call for leg
surfing get your trunks and follow me
come on okay I bet my dad will let us
ride blind for me just like last year
no maybe next time dr. J and I made
plans to go on a world insight
both thrills galore
I never realized there were so much to
look at
this is great dr. J hey can you eat
these things
that's the bog cranberry yes it's edible
he said it was edible I didn't say was
good ah look at this I think I've had
enough in the bog cranberry no no no no
no this is nightshade it's poisonous you
see the way the leaves curl up
all I see is a stroke this spring smog
is a master of camouflage
I'll say
that's how they protect themselves they
blend in with their surroundings
sometimes people do that too some people
are much more outgoing than others like
Kyle yes and others are more like you
right you know being out here surrounded
by nature I realize it takes all kinds
to make a world I guess what I'm trying
to say is I'm sorry I can't be more like
Kyle I'm sorry if you're not having a
very good time I'm having a good time
this is fun as much fun as windsurfing
anyway I I just want to thank you for
coming along on the hike with me I know
it wasn't exactly your first choice then
we're even because I know you taking us
on this trip wasn't exactly your first
choice either okay or even
save two hours I was just asking
Andrew you should have been there
I must have windsurf for a mile and my
dad sailed on his hands so what'd you
guys do find some real interesting moss
hey Jeff enjoying yourself oh it is
getting a little cold oh you think this
is called next year I'm gonna climb
Mount Everest
why let's start small but first an icy
plunge
I know I don't feel too good
what's wrong what's wrong I like this
monster headache and my stomach feels
like someone shoved a knife through it
did you eat anything in which today he
had some wild berry soup my dad said
they're harmless
do you have any no just a Jeff for my
dad
well I'm not a toxicologist but these
symptoms indicate nightshade poisoning
my dad went swimming
we have to find it
I'll find them
okay boys we have to move fast facing
one back to the van and get a dozen
pieces charcoal out of the bank
we're poor there's no plan just do it
please have the crushed charcoal
I'll get a rock good and wash it in a
small pot in the lake thoroughly you got
it hey hang on Jeff we're gonna take
care of you
dr. Jeff : good work boys good work one
of the properties of charcoal is that
it's extremely absorbent and brush it
will miss it with some water it should
absorb the toxins
are you alright Jason get another
blanket and keep them dry Andrew come
with me blanket turn this charcoal into
dust and fast
what is it it's a man's drink
it's a good thing dr. Jeff coat was here
it almost makes you want to study more
let's not take this thing too far
well they seem to be doing pretty well
heartbeat breathing back to normal you
should get them to a hospital to be
checked as soon as they wake up thanks
dr. Jeff ko you save their lives call me
dr. jaye and anyway it was a team effort
told you is okay
when do you know any scary stories what
are you doing
I have a perfect one it involves
parapsychology
you've heard of science fiction this is
science fact OB e OB out-of-body
experience it happened to me I was on my
way to
when my car was studiously stalled I
started to get out of the car lights